docs: document import/extensions slowness (#6318)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: docs/linting/troubleshooting/FORMATTING.md

### Problems with Using Linters as Formatters

Linters are designed to run in a parse, check, report, fix cycle. This means that there is a lot of intermediate work that needs to be done before a linter can fix a formatting issue with your code.

> Additionally linters typically run each rule isolated from one another. This has several problems with it like:

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
Additionally linters typically run each rule isolated from one another. This has several problems with it such as:
```
